Come on, ref, foul!
Good one!
Time!
All right!
You guys suck.
No, really?
Come on, let's go!
Looking good. Way to go.
Nothing to worry about. It's fine.
No problem. Hot out there, isn't it?
- Shouldn't have got in his way.
- Looking good out there!
How would you know?
You want to forfeit the game?
Yeah. What's wrong with that?
- No!
- No?
My boys have league scoring records
at stake. It wouldn't be fair to them.
If we quit now, we'd beat the 5:00 traffic.
- There's a lot to learn from losing.
- We'll play, if it's that big a deal to you.
- Pick me!
- Over here!
- Push it up!
- All right, set it up!
It's not going too well, is it?
What do you expect?
Look at their sneakers.
If we had those sneakers,
there's no telling what we could do.
Shoot it!
We're all open!
Jump it!
That fat kid's got a great arm.
Over here, pass it!
Forget it, dork!
Nice try!
Good game.
Come on, I want to get out of here.
Come on, it's not that bad!
First game of the season, 11 more to go.
It's just a game!
You bozos better shape up.
I can't do this all by myself.
What is that, liverwurst?
What?
Thought you were supposed
to be on a diet, Chub.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Chub, look at this.
Give me that!
Stop snooping around in my locker.
Look, Chub, big guy,
I can smell that liverwurst from over there.
Yeah, right. Underneath these?
All right! Yeah, great game, guys!
- We showed them.
- We lost, Stiles!
- Umpire needed glasses. Terrific, Brad.
- Cheeseball.
Scotto, you know that $7 you owe me?
- You owe me.
- This is important.
If I don't find a keg, I can't go to that party.
Even if you get the cash,
where will you buy it?
- Lend me $5.
- Later.
- $2.
Chub, how's the diet?
Lemonade, give me five, man!
You were terrific out there!
What the hell is that?
Lemonade, my man! What it is?
Listen, I'm raising cash for our school's
Afro-American festival and thought...
Mick, can we talk?
Come on in.
Great game.
You want a thigh or a wing or something?
No, that's not necessary, Coach.
Listen, you know how you always said
that if any of us guys had any problems...
...even personal ones,
that we should see you?
That's what I'm here for.
Great, because, I got a problem.
Yeah? What kind of problem?
As you can see, I'm a very busy man here.
Yeah, it's kind of complicated.
No, those kind of problems, yeah.
What is it, drugs, girls?
I'd sure like to help,
but I'm really tapped out this month.
The IRS is breathing down my neck...
...like it's a personal vendetta
against Bobby Finstock.
No, Coach...
How can I put this?
I'm going through changes.
That. Don't worry about that.
We all go through that.
Some a little bit later than others.
I'm sorry I didn't notice...
...but I haven't been
around the locker room much.
No...
I don't think it's going to be possible
for me to play on the team anymore.
Yeah.
Look, Scotty,
I know what you're going through.
A couple years back, a kid came to me
much the same way you are now...
...saying pretty much
the same thing that you are.
He wanted to drop off the team.
His mother was a widow.
All crippled up and scrubbing floors.
She had this pin in her hip.
So he wanted to drop basketball
and get a job.
These were poor people.
These were hungry people
with real problems.
You understand what I'm saying?
What happened to the kid?
I don't know. He quit.
He was a third-stringer, I didn't need him.
Coach, I'm a first-stringer.
And you already got
a job working for your old man.
The fact of the matter is,
I should be coming to you for money.
Fine. Thanks a lot, Coach.
Don't mention it.
Like I said before, mi casa su casa.
Thanks.
- Scott, you going to work?
- Yeah.
- Can I walk with you?
- Catch you later at the party.
Bye, Tina, Trina... Tina.
I had the strangest dream last night.
- It was bizarre.
- Was I in this one?
Yeah, you and Pamela,
and a bunch of chickens.
Boof, how the hell are you?
- Say no.
- No!
Great talking to you!
- Chickens?
- Yeah, big, giant chickens. Like fryers.
That guy was right. We do suck.
No news there.
71-12. I don't even know
what I'm doing out there.
I'm sick of it, Boof.
I'm sick of being so average.
And it's not just basketball.
It's this school.
It's this town. It's everything.
I like Beacontown.
I'd just like my life to change.
I don't want to end up
working for my dad at the hardware store.
Your father's a terrific guy.
Look at me.
Try and be objective.
Am I all right?
I mean, is there anything wrong with me?
You should probably shower
after basketball.
- I do.
- Then no, there's nothing wrong with you.
Then why won't Pamela Wells
say two words to me?
You can do a lot better than Pamela Wells.
- Like who?
- Don't you have to be at work?
- Did I say something wrong?
- No. See you at the party.
Hey, Angela.
Hi, how are you doing?
What was the score?
Very funny.
- What was the score?
- 71...
- Don't tell me. I'll lose my count.
- We're down to our last waffle iron.
You know these wrenches
are made in India?
How do they expect me to compete?
I'm not Sears and Roebuck. I'm not.
You look a little tired today.
The coach isn't giving you
steroids or anything, is he?
Not likely. Maybe he should.
We lost 71-12.
Beacontown hasn't won a ball game in...
It must be three years.
Don't take it personally, Scott.
It's all part of growing up.
Yeah, I guess so.
Any deliveries?
Some strange-sounding guy called.
Sounded like he was in a big hurry.
Today?
I'm not sure what I wrote down,
but check the clipboard.
That's what it's there for.
It is.
It's broken.
Dog whistle?
Hi, Mr. Thorne. How are you, sir?
Thanks.
Whoa. What an arm.
Thanks, Mr. Thorne. Appreciate it.
Go to hell.
"I knew he was out there.
"I didn't actually hear him...
"...but I knew he was there.
"I could only see a thin,
white crack of light...
"...which set my bedroom apart ..."
More sensual, darling!
We need to feel you!
Want to smell you! Hurt me!
"...from the dense and heavy darkness.
"But surely, I could feel him.
"It was Nick."
What was that?
Sorry, sir. That was me.
What do you want from me?
What do people want from me?
I am merely trying to rehearse.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I've got the stuff that you ordered.
Wait, are you from the hardware store?
Yeah.
Pamela, excuse me.
Are you going to the party tonight?
Because, if you are,
I'd like to give you a ride.
The paint...
My paint, a can of cocoa,
a can of mauve, am I right?
Right.
- Kirk, how was my reading?
- Beautiful, darling. Very sensual.
- I'm still in pain. Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Listen, about tonight, I mean, I'm serious.
I'd like to take you.
I've got a van.
Hope your acting's
better than your hook shot, boy.
I already have a ride.
Or maybe you were just acting
like a basketball player.
He just delivers hardware, Mick.
Maybe he should get back to delivering it.
Come on.
I said, "mauve," not turquoise!
Mr. Lolley...
The boss says I'm to pick up a keg of beer.
- That right?
- The boss called you, right?
- Can't say he did.
- Hot damn!
The boss is throwing a big bash
for one of the boys down at the gravel pit.
He just got paroled.
I got plenty of bread.
Here's a little extra for you.
Got to see your ID...
...sport.
I don't even like beer.
Never say die.
Dad?
What would you say if I was
thinking of quitting the basketball team?
Quitting the team?
- Yeah.
- That's pretty drastic, isn't it?
You're not the worst player.
Your mother always said
you could do anything you wanted to.
Yeah, I know.
I was thinking of doing something else.
Like what?
School play.
Theater has its place, I suppose...
...but what about
your commitment to the team, the school?
Dad...
...has anything ever happened to you
that was so weird...
Maybe it's time you and I had a chat.
Mr. Howard,
how's the king of the nuts and bolts?
- Stiles, nice shirt.
- Thanks.
Come on, we're late.
Boof going with you?
Yeah, I don't know how she's getting there.
- Is this okay?
- Don't worry about it, I'll get it.
Have a good time. Be careful.
Come on!
Listen, Stiles.
Do you know anything
about a rash that's going around?
- Why, you looking to catch something?
- I'm serious.
No...
...but I heard Mr. Murphy,
you know, the shop teacher?
Got his dick caught in a vacuum cleaner.
Forget I asked.
- Stiles, you're crazy.
- No, it's not crazy. It's perfect.
You just stick this in your pocket, like this.
All right?
Go in there, and don't say anything except,
"Give me a keg, buddy."
And you pay for it.
That way, he can't say you robbed him.
You know I'd do this myself,
but the old guy already kicked me out.
Give me the gun. Give me the money.
I'm going to try and buy it. That's it!
No, Scott!
This guy is a ball-buster and it won't work.
- That's it!
- It won't work!
Shit!
Never say...
...die.
No, not that.
Yeah, no, I think I'll leave it.
Thanks a lot, anyways.
Bye.
Do you have any more
of that brown liqueur?
My sister really liked that.
Yes, thank you.
- Yvette, are you coming?
- Yes.
Hi.
I'd like a keg of beer, please.
You don't say?
How much is that?
Do you have any ID, sonny?
You little bastards just won't give up,
will you?
Listen. No ID, no goddamn beer.
Can't you get that through
your thick skull?
Give me a keg of beer.
And these.
"Findin' my way"
Yeah!
What'd you say to that guy in the store?
Just, "Give me a keg."
- That's it?
- Yeah, that's it.
Lewis, this is it, tonight's the night.
Pamela Wells is going to be there
and so am I.
And so is Mick.
- He won't.
- Of course he will.
- Aren't they going together?
- No. They're not.
Mick is 20 years old.
The only reason he's still in high school
is because he did time.
They're not going together.
- Forget Pamela Wells.
- They're not going together.
He's a total psycho.
Why don't you go for Boof? She likes you.
You sound like my dad.
Pull over!
Trust me.
- They are together.
- I'm not even listening anymore.
Would you just listen?
They are locked at the hip.
Lewis, once and for all,
they are not going out.
- Yeah, they are.
- Not.
- They are, too. You're crazy.
- Lewis. Take my wheels.
- I don't even have my license yet.
- Come on, just do it.
Let's just go to the party.
I don't think this is such a good idea.
Surf's up.
- Drive out in front of us.
- Not too close.
- What are you guys going to do?
- Lewis, will you just do it?
Kids.
Listen, I'm going to go slow, all right?
Listen, don't worry about a thing.
We got everything under control.
You do your thing, and I will do mine.
Cowabunga!
Wipeout!
Are you all right up there?
Yeah, no sweat!
But just watch those waves!
Hello, everybody.
Yes, I have arrived. Good to see you.
You look great, and I like all of you.
Now, back off.
Hi, everybody.
Yeah! Nice hit, baby.
- You are a cheeseball.
- That's my middle name.
- You'd never catch me up there.
- You'd be the king of the urban surfers.
No way, Lewis, that's fine, baby.
Give me that.
Hi.
You looking for someone in particular?
Not you.
There you go. She said two words to you.
Yeah!
Just like I said, yes!
No dry throats tonight.
Did I come through for you,
big fella, or what?
Okay, put it down over there.
If we don't get through it tonight,
take it home.
18! 19! 20!
21! 22! 23! 24! 25!
26! 27! 28! 29! 30!
That's it! Time! You lose!
You got a rash?
Matchmaker lady, the hat! All right.
Next up is...
..."Help Me, Rhonda!"
Okay, what do I have to do?
Just read that name
on the little piece of paper we gave you.
It says, "Chubby."
All right, baby.
You have to eat this whole bowl of Jell-O.
- What do I have to do?
- Hold the Jell-O!
All right, next up is...
...Boof!
It's Scott.
- Booferino gets the Howard boy.
- I don't know if this is such a good idea.
You're going to love it.
It's the grand prize, okay?
Two minutes! Anything goes, baby.
And don't disappoint us.
It's kind of funny that you got me.
I lied. I got Malcolm.
Malcolm's a good guy.
You can come a little closer.
I promise I won't bite.
Go! Go! Go!
Now, all you have to do is take this cup,
go to Thorne's house...
...say you're from the Board of Health
and want to check his blood sugar.
Boof, I feel kind of weird.
How do I feel?
- What is this?
- Mick, you've got to see this.
See what? I don't have to see anything.
Come on.
Scott, you're getting a little bit rough.
Your fingernails!
It's awfully quiet in there.
- Do you guys think they're dead?
- Yeah!
There's only one way to find out!
So, tell us,
what's it like coming out of the closet?
It was unexpected.
Scott?
Jeez, Louise.
- Can I come in?
- No, Dad.
No, I'm doing something in here.
I'll say.
You may be surprised.
Whatever it is, son, you can tell me.
I'll understand.
No, Dad. Not this time.
Scott Howard, this is your father speaking!
Now, open this door, right this minute!
Ok, Dad.
You asked for it.
An explanation is probably long overdue.
An explanation?
Jesus Christ, Dad! An explanation?
Look at me. Look at you.
- It's not as bad as it looks.
- Wait a minute!
You mean, you knew about this?
You knew about this,
and you didn't tell me?
I was hoping I wouldn't have to.
Sometimes it skips a generation.
- I was hoping it would pass you by.
- Dad, it didn't pass me by.
It landed on my face!
What the hell am I gonna do?
We really need to talk about this!
Forget it! I don't want to talk! Go away!
Tough night?
Yeah, you could say that.
On top of everything else,
there was a full moon last night.
I meant to talk to you
about that last evening...
...but you were kind of upset.
Here's a nice hot cup of cocoa.
Looks like you can use it.
That'll help.
Look, Scott, being what we are...
...is not without its problems,
but it's not all bad, either.
Tell me about it.
For one thing, you'll be able
to do things other guys aren't.
Like, chase cars and bite the mailman?
When you want it,
you're going to have great power.
And with great power goes
a greater responsibility.
Your mother and I lived with it
and so can you.
And what if I can't?
I can look forward to a life of
stealing babies in the middle of the night...
...and killing chickens.
Fearing full moons, dodging silver bullets.
Thank you, but no thanks!
Don't believe the stuff in the movies.
With certain obvious exceptions...
...werewolves are people
just like anyone else.
What I'm trying to say is,
the werewolf is a part of you...
...but that doesn't change
what you have inside.
I got a bad outside hook shot...
...I’m allergic to eggs, I got a $6 haircut.
I have problems!
I don't need this one!
I've got to get to school.
That went well.
- Hello.
- Hi.
There's something different about you.
That's nice.
Did you change your hair?
Missed you at lunch today, Scott.
Yeah. Hi, Boof. Sorry, I forgot.
I have to go study my lines.
Kirk, Mr. Lolley, he's so demanding.
- Bye.
How's it going, Stiles?
The twins were abandoned
and surely would've died in the wild...
...if they hadn't been saved by a...
By a what?
A miracle?
Yes, I suppose...
...but what form
did this particular miracle take?
Scott Howard?
Very amusing, Scott, but you are correct.
The infants were saved
and suckled by a wolf...
...a she-wolf.
Wolf.
Wolfe!
Choo.
Thomas Wolfe. Don't you people ever read
what I assign you?
Look Homeward, Angel.
Scott, it's a book by Thomas Wolfe.
Wolf.
Scott.
Come on. It's a lot simpler than it looks.
Okay.
Just try.
It's wet. You can't go in.
That's wet, too!
Don't change.
Stay calm.
A bit far from your side of the building,
aren't you?
No! I mean, yes, sir.
But the halls were wet.
- Let me see your hands.
- Sir?
Let me see your hands, now.
You wouldn't happen to have
a marker on you, would you?
No, sir.
I've got my eyes on you.
And if you ever get out of line...
I've got to go.
What are you doing?
Big brother always
keeps a stash out here for emergencies.
Listen.
I've got to talk to you about something
because it's making me nuts.
I hear you, but if it's that intense,
I'll need a solid buzz to think clearly.
Look, I wouldn't even...
...mention it to you,
except that I've got to talk to someone.
Are you going to tell me you're a fag?
If you're going to tell me that,
I don't think I can handle it.
No, I'm not a fag.
I'm a werewolf.
Where would that scumbag keep it?
Scott?
Stiles, it's me.
What do you think?
Can you do that anytime you want?
Yeah, I guess so. I mean, I just did.
Sometimes it happens
when I don't want it to.
What can I say?
You're beautiful.
Nah.
What can a teen wolf do?
I can smell what you're looking for.
The stash?
I checked there.
This is just between you and me, okay?
Yeah, T.W.
Look at you!
You're going to be glad you came to me.
Yes, because with the right angles...
...man, we're going to turn this
into something monstrous.
Come on!
Shoot it! Shoot it!
No way!
Don't foul me, now! Here we go!
Yeah!
- Hi, Scott.
- Hi.
Boof came over for a little one-on-one,
and she's killing me.
What? What's so funny?
Nothing.
We were just chatting. Do you mind?
No. Why should I mind?
I've got to get going.
Would you like to walk me home?
Boof, I just got here.
Scott.
Yeah.
Thanks for the game.
Thanks for everything.
- You better work on that jump shot.
- Yeah.
- You coming?
Get in!
So, you guys were chatting.
Harold Howard and his famous chats.
What did he say?
He just mentioned that you were thinking
of quitting basketball...
...to work on the school play.
- Yeah.
- I can see why.
She's very pretty, Scott...
...but she has a boyfriend,
a very large boyfriend.
It doesn't matter.
The way things are going...
...it'd be better if I
stay away from everyone.
Even me?
I couldn't get rid of you if I tried.
- What?
- Do you remember?
- How old were we? 6?
- We were 5.
I wanted to run away from home,
but you wouldn't let me go alone.
I was afraid you'd get lost!
But I didn't.
We kept walking around the block...
...because our parents wouldn't let us
cross the street.
I thought they'd kill us when we got home.
But then when we did,
nobody knew we were gone.
- Did you ever tell anybody?
- No.
Me neither.
Scott.
If you ever need someone to talk to,
if something's bothering you...
...I’ll understand.
Not this time, Boof.
You won't understand.
- I've got to go.
- Yeah. Bye.
Here's the drill. Play them man for man.
- You know who you got.
- Baby, ten-hut. Nice haircut over there.
Be all that you can be.
How was Grenada, man?
Louie, what's going on here?
Is the President here today or something?
- Good luck, Scott.
- Thanks. Thank you.
Look at it this way, guys,
it'll be over in less than an hour.
Any strategy against Meechum, Coach?
You guys are great.
You got nothing to be ashamed of.
Go on out there and give 'em hell!
Okay, that's a foul. Let's go.
Come on, set it up!
Up to the line, boy! You can do it!
All right, nothing but net, boy.
Come on, put it in.
Go and get me some salt.
Salt!
Put the ball back to him.
Let's do it, Scott.
Easy.
Yeah!
Come on, let's go!
Nice one!
- All right, guys!
- All right!
Let's play a little ball here!
Give the guy some room!
- Scott, did the coach know?
- I didn't know!
- How do you feel?
- He feels like a winner!
- Boof, did you know?
- Are you kidding?
On the house, honey!
Lewis.
Mr. T.
You may think you're special here...
...but let me remind you
that I am still the vice principal.
I'm no different than anyone else.
That's nice. You look good in that.
Scott Howard.
Aren't you afraid
of disappointing your fans?
I can't help it
if the whole town has gone wolf-crazy.
I mean, this wasn't my idea.
- There are some advantages.
- None.
All sizes, no waiting. Check it out!
Right over here. Check it out!
Scott, tip of the iceberg, baby.
We are cleaning up!
Boof, I got something for you.
Here you go, honey.
Here we go! All sizes, no waits!
- Check it out!
- Elegant.
Listen to this.
Kirk wants you to be in the play.
He does? Wait a minute.
Pamela, what about basketball?
It won't interfere.
It's a small part, just for you.
Here, Pamela, this is for you.
It's too big for me.
There are some advantages, Scott.
Admit it.
Catch, here it comes!
What do you want? Large, medium?
"You can murder my family.
"You can ravish my body.
"But I beg you
with all that is decent and holy...
"...don't destroy my plantation."
"Sergeant!
"Burn the fields.
"And when you're done with that,
burn the house."
Yeah.
Wolf...
Wolf person, whatever your name is...
...that was really...
- Thanks, babe. I love you.
...something.
Come in.
Hi.
Close the door, please.
Yeah.
Relax.
We're just one big,
happy family in the theater.
Yeah.
What happened to the wolf?
Do you just change back and forth
whenever you feel like it?
Sure.
Sometimes I have to get
kind of worked up to be the wolf...
...but, that's not too hard.
What do you think about to get worked up?
Different things.
Wolves aren't supposed to be shy.
Pamela...
...what are you doing?
You are an animal!
Strike!
Five in a row!
Okay.
Did you know he was going to be here?
We had such a nice day together, Scott.
Don't spoil it.
Okay.
You got it.
Nice, good, okay. Good form.
Nice approach.
Pooh.
Boy, that was nice form.
Okay.
Address the ball.
Okay, tuck in your tummy.
That's good. Okay. Pamela.
Here we go. You ready? Okay.
That's my girl! Don't touch her again.
She's my date tonight, pal.
You don't scare me, freak.
Underneath all that hair,
you're still a dork, Scott.
I've handled your kind before.
Your mama used to
steal chickens out of the backyard...
...until I blew her head off
with a shotgun. Right?
What's going on?
French fries all over my...
Does that guy, Mick, always act like that?
You can hardly blame him.
He is my boyfriend.
You mean, "was" your boyfriend.
"Is" my boyfriend.
But, what about us?
What about us?
Well, this afternoon...
...in your dressing room.
Yeah?
Yeah.
See, the spring dance is coming up, and I...
I already told you,
I'm going to the dance with Mick.
- Chubaroo, nice game, guy.
- Yeah.
At least we're winning.
You mean, "He's winning."
When do we get the ball?
What good is being in the championship
if none of us get to play?
It doesn't matter how you play,
it's whether you win or lose.
And even that doesn't
make much difference.
How about a celebration.
Chubby, ice cream sundae...
I'm supposed to be on a diet,
Scott, remember?
Brad, glass of milk?
I don't get it, Coach.
What's their problem?
Let me give you a little advice.
There's three rules that I live by:
Never get less than 12 hours sleep...
...never play cards with a guy
with the same name as a city...
...and never go near a lady
who's got a tattoo of a dagger on her body.
Now, you stick with that,
everything else is cream cheese.
Great game, there, Scotty.
Thanks, Coach.
Stiles?
- Where the hell did you get this?
- Harry's Used Cars.
We traded in the Nova. Even swap.
Get out of here.
How much extra did you pay?
It's an even swap.
For certain considerations.
- What?
- Lookie here!
Surf's up?
Yeah, surf is definitely up.
Let's go pick up Lewis, okay?
What?
Come on, what is it with Lewis?
He's avoiding me, right?
He's scared of me.
We've got fine new wheels,
we got good tunes...
...and a total disregard for public safety.
- You're right. Okay, let's go. Surf's up.
- All right.
Wait a minute.
These waves are mine.
Unbelievable! Look at him!
Unbelievable!
You look great up there. Are you all right?
Missed you at the hardware store
the last few days.
Yeah. Sorry...
...I was with Stiles this afternoon.
I know.
You saw?
I saw, unless that was another werewolf...
...doing a handstand
on Stiles' wolfmobile...
...and making a fool of himself.
Look...
I'm trying to get a grip on this. I really am.
- Is Thorne still on your back?
- Yeah, Thorne...
...some Neanderthal named Mick,
and the entire basketball team.
You've dug your own hole with them...
...but this Thorne business is my fault.
What do you mean, your fault?
It goes back a few years.
As you know,
I loved your mother since we were kids.
We always knew
we were meant for each other.
But for some reason,
Rusty Thorne set his cap for her, too.
And no matter what we tried,
he just wouldn't go away.
One night, things got a little physical...
And you turned into the werewolf.
Out of anger, Scott.
I turned into the werewolf out of anger...
...right in front of his beady little eyes.
- Was he scared?
- Scared?
He lost control of his bodily functions.
I wish I could've seen that.
It wasn't a very nice thing to do,
but it worked.
After that,
he never bothered your mother and me.
But to this day...
...I don't know who was
the most frightened that night...
...old Rusty Thorne...
...or me.
You got to get a hold of it, son.
Morning, Daisy.
- Morning.
- Boof.
- What's up?
- Nothing.
Why does anything ever have to be up?
I just thought I'd walk to school with you.
Got any plans for the spring dance?
No. I hadn't given it much thought.
I'm surprised they haven't
decided to call it Teen Wolf Ball.
Will you go with me to the dance?
I'll think about it.
- Is that a yes?
- Yes.
On one condition...
...you take me to the dance.
- I thought we established that.
- You, Scott Howard.
Not the wolf.
No.
Look, I've got to be the wolf.
That's what everyone expects.
Is that what you want?
Everybody likes the wolf.
All right, almost everybody.
You said it yourself. I mean, if I go...
...as Scott Howard,
I'm going to be average.
Damn it! Why do I have to be
like everybody else?
That's not a problem for you anymore...
...and I guess I don't have
a date for the dance.
I'm sorry. I can't.
Listen...
...you'll still dance with me, won't you?
Even if I'm a werewolf?
Yeah, I'll still dance with you.
- Will you feed me grapes?
- Don't push your luck.
Tickle my paws?
She's right. You are an animal.
There he is!
My God!
He looks fabulous.
You look absolutely wonderful.
Guys. You shouldn't. This is great.
Nice to see you.
Thank you. This is great.
How you doing? Save me a dance?
You'll have to ask my escort.
Stay away from her tonight.
I'm warning you!
Nice fedora. Looks good.
Great.
Thank you. Thanks.
Hi. How you doing?
Wolf! Wolf!
You still want to dance with the wolf?
Your public wants you.
Do you mind?
What?
What am I going to do about you?
Boof, I am what I am.
All I said was:
"I might want to dance with him."
You can't possibly take him seriously...
...not unless
you're planning on having his puppies.
I want Scott for just a half hour.
I really missed him.
Stay away from Pamela! She's mine!
Stick with your own kind, freak,
like that little tramp.
Mick, watch out!
What are you all laughing at?
Get back here! I'm not done with you.
You're just some kind of animal.
Come on, freak!
Get back here! Let go of me!
Let go!
Get back, I'm going to rip your head off!
Get back here! Come on, freak!
I'm not through with you yet!
Come back here, freak.
This isn't done by a long shot!
Get back in here, freak!
Get back here, freak,
we haven't settled this yet!
Hold it.
Now you've done it.
You don't know how long I have waited...
...to get you right where I have you.
You're never going
to play basketball again.
You know why?
Because you're not
going to be here anymore, that's why.
You're out of here, Mr. Howard.
- And don't you try...
- Thorne.
Go on home, son.
Go ahead.
I'll handle this.
You never learn, do you, Rusty?
You stay away from me.
I want you to leave my son alone.
He's a good kid...
...he's just having a tough time right now.
Okay?
I knew I could count on you, Rusty.
"You can murder my family.
"You can ravage my body.
"But I beg you
with all that is decent and holy...
"...don't destroy my plantation!"
"Sergeant!
"Burn the fields ..."
Hold it.
- "... burn down the house."
- Hold it right there, babe.
Listen...
...this is a full dress rehearsal.
We need to see the wolf, so wolf out.
Wolf up, wolf it, whatever you do.
Pronto, amigo.
Mr. Lolley, I've been doing some thinking...
...and I decided
that I'd rather play the part as me.
Play it as myself.
That wouldn't be theater, would it?
See, no one wants to see you.
Like I said...
...I’d rather play it like this.
Okay. I see.
How am I going to put this to you?
Look at it this way:
No wolf, no part.
What do you think?
Wow. Bummer.
Look at it this way.
At least I'll have my Friday nights free.
Even if you won't be the wolf anymore,
do you have to quit the basketball team?
Are you kidding?
You've seen me play basketball. I suck.
They want the wolf. I can't give it to them.
Wait just a minute. What's going on here?
What are you guys talking about?
We're talking about the wolf.
I can't do it anymore.
You saw what happened.
- What are you, crazy?
- I think maybe I am.
You've got the championship game
in less than four hours.
You've got everyone depending on you.
What are you going to do?
Let down your team?
Your school? This whole town?
What about me?
I've got a very large investment
going on over here.
Do it for me.
I got to go, man.
Help me out.
Do the right thing.
That's all I want to do.
Time! Chubby!
Chubby, get time!
Come here.
Did you see that?
Come on!
That's a purple heart, kid.
Smart basketball, Brad.
Taking a charge like that.
Man.
Where's the wolf?
Not today, Coach. No wolf.
Good idea. Wait till the second half.
Build up their confidence.
- Look, Coach.
- Wolf! Wolf!
No wolf. Not now, not ever.
I want to play, but I got to be myself.
Okay, but we're going to get
our brains beat in, you know.
You sure you won't change your mind?
- I don't want to go back out there.
- This is all your fault, Howard.
I think we can take these guys.
That's terrific.
Now, when do we see the wolf?
No, I mean it.
I think we can win this.
Look, this is the championship.
Now, it doesn't matter how we got here,
we're here.
We're going to have to win it ourselves.
You don't need the wolf.
Harold, your boy let us down!
You're dead.
Shoot!
Shoot it.
Shoot it!
Shoot it, fat boy.
Yeah!
How much more of this
can you take, freak?
As much as you can dish out, Mick.
What's so funny, dork?
That's four fouls.
One more and you're out of there.
Right!
Come on. Make your move.
Come on, fat boy. Come on, try it.
You got to get back.
Get back! You got two shots.
Get back! Off the court.
Let's blow out of here.
Drop dead.